Upgrading Support Incident Tracker
----------------------------------

To upgrade simply copy all the new files over the existing ones being
careful not to overwrite your config.inc.php or any custom themes you
might have.  Then run setup.php in your browser and follow the
instructions on-screen.

Further instructions and notes about specific upgrades follow, if you
upgrading and skipping several versions listed below you should read
everything carefully to make sure you've met all the requirements:

Upgrading to 3.24
-----------------
A permission has been added for the new 'Add Reseller' and 
'Manage Escalation Paths'  feature, no users will have this permission
after upgrading, you should check each users' permissions (and/or role permissions) 
to ensure they meet your needs.

Administrators can now disable accounts by editing a users profile
and setting status to disabled.  If you have redundant user accounts
we recommend you do this now.

Multiple global email signatures are now possible, you may want to
visit SiT! -> Control Panel -> Email Settings -> Global Signature and
add more signatures (to be chosen at random).

Email templates can now store information in the incident log, this
can be set individually for each template, you may want to review
your templates and adjust this.  See SiT! -> Control Panel ->
Email Settings -> Edit Template

Users can now be placed in groups, if you want to group your users
go to SiT! -> Control Panel -> Users -> User Groups

You can now add vendors, you may want to group your products by
vendor, see Customers -> Maintenance -> Products & Software
Add Vendor and see also Edit Product.
For example you may want to group some of your Linux Support products
under Red Hat and others under Mandriva.
It's also possible to edit products and edit or delete software records
you may find it helpful to do some housekeeping.


Upgrading to 3.23
-----------------
As of v3.23 SiT! no longer requires the php.ini setting register_globals
to be on.  Therefore we *strongly* recommend that you make sure your
php.ini has register_globals set OFF, this has been the default since
PHP 4.2.0 but since SiT! previously required it to be ON you should
check your php.ini.

Some permissions have changed with the introduction of the new roles
based permissions system, after upgrading you should check role
permissions and then assign roles to your users, finally you should
check each users' permissions to ensure they meet your needs.

You should read the README file regarding setting up scheduled tasks


Upgrading from 3.20 to 3.21
---------------------------
Email templates can now insert updates into the incident log that are
hidden from the customer view.
You should review your email templates and set the update visibility
of each.

The config variable attachment_path has been renamed to attachment_fspath
and a new variable attachment_webpath has been created for the web view
of the same path.
